Are you all right?
It's useless for anyone to come today.
No, please go away.
It's you who should get out
Are you fired?
How dare you fire me?
Hey Guo toilet
I don't care if you're fired.
Even Mr. Shen can't recognize this eyeless thing
He is Mr. Shen
How did you come to know this look?
Because I am
Oh, I see.
You must have come here to be a waiter again, right?
I look like a waiter in this
Don't all the waiters wear suits like this?
But in all fairness
Your work clothes are very valuable.
You go in first, I'll take a call
Hello
It's your lady
Why haven't you seen it?
Exquisite makeup and elegant face
At first glance, he was born into a wealthy family
What happened at home?
Didn't you say kick him out like a dog?
Miss Bai
You snuck in
If this suggestion comes in
As if all of them